[Music]
first of all please put your right hand
on your heart all the time the left hand
is towards me you know here you have to
say in your heart with all sincerity you
have to ask me a question you have to
ask me a question mother am I the spirit
if you want to call me Shri Mataji you
can call that or you can call me mother
but whichever way you want to call
that's not important
you have to say mother am i the spirit
ask the question three times in your
heart this is a very fundamental
question like a computer you are asking
me a question
now bring the right hand on to the
left-hand side of your stomach in the
upper part here present now this is the
center of your mastery your guidance
your guru tattwa as dick say so ask a
question mother am I my own master this
is a question to be asked three times
mother am I my own master
now bring your right hand down below the
lower part of their Brahma now this is
the center from which all the divine
work is done all the pure work is done
now this Center is such that you have to
ask me that mother please give me pure
knowledge mother please give me pure
knowledge if you do not ask I cannot
force on so to ask me six times because
this Center has got six petals mother
please give me pure knowledge this works
out all the divine plants six times you
just ask as a result of this asking the
Kundalini starts getting awakened
now to help the Kundalini rise you have
to cooperate with her so please put your
right hand on the left-hand side in the
upper part of your abdomen and press it
on the stomach now here you have to say
with full confidence to help the
Kundalini to rise mother I am my own
master this year to say ten times these
are the ten commandments which you have
to say that mother I am my own master
No
ten times with full confidence now
please raise your right hand to your
heart now here you have to say again
with full confidence mother I am the
spirit this is the truth you are the
spirit but you have to say with full
confidence mother I am the spirit this
you have to say twelve times
now one has to know that God Almighty is
the ocean of love but above all he is
the ocean of forgiveness so he forgives
whatever wrong you do he forgives so
don't feel guilty and put your right
hand across on the left-hand side in the
corner which is made by your neck and
your shoulder now here you have to say
again with full confidence sixteen times
mother I am NOT GUILTY preset mother I
am NOT GUILTY
sixteen times I am NOT GUILTY at all
please sit
very odd now raise your hand across on
your forehead now this is the center of
Christ and it's a very important center
here you have to say from your heart
mother I forgive everyone please say
from your heart how many times is not
the point
mother I forgive everyone now some would
say that is very difficult to forgive
but it's a myth that we do not forgive
or we forgive we do not do anything in
both the cases but if you don't forgive
then we play into wrong hands so please
say from your heart mother I forgive
everyone
now please take your hand on the back Oh
God the same Center on the backside off
your head and allow your head to rest on
it and push it back a little bit now
here you have to say for your
satisfaction because you always been
guilty that or divine if I have done
anything wrong please forgive me
please forgive from your heart now to
the fontanel bone area where they say
they give baptism but actually it's an
artificial one stretch your hand fully
and put your center of your palm on top
of the fontanel bone area which was a
very soft goal in your childhood press
it hard press hard your scan now you
have to move it seven times saying one
thing which you have to ask for mother
please give us my self-realization
because I cannot force on you so you
have to ask for it
seven times press it hard and move it
seven times very hard slowly
saying that
[Music]
now remove the right hand slowly open
your eyes put your right hand towards me
and see on your left hand raise it
little higher than your head and see if
there's the cool breeze is coming out of
your head
some people might get it put the right
hand towards me please
the right hand towards me and with the
left hand right hand towards me with the
left hand just see if there's a cool
breeze coming out of your head
now turn it with left hand towards me
see with your right hand
some people might get hot please it's
alright but after some time it will
become cool